(1) First thing the program will need to do is to be able to load a provided input file.
Once the file has been read in the family's brush preferences will need to be printed out. 
Will need to store the following at this point. 
	- Contract effective date (date starter box is shipped).
	- Refill shipment dats (every 90 days after effective date, valid for 1 year. 

(2) After the input file has been read then the functionality to create the starter boxes and
the content they will contain will need to be created. Will need a test to check that a family
with no preferences generates the 'NO STARTER BOXES GENERATED' message. 

(3) Once a family has has received the starter boxes they will need to order refills.
The program will remember the family's preferences and be able to provide the shipping manager
with the correct color replacement heads. Will need to test that the error message is 
generated if the family has not received a starter box. 

(4) Members receive perks throughout their 1 year contract. This date is based off the contract
effective date. Refills scheduled 90 days after that for the remainder of the year. Generate
the ship date for each box shipped (starter and refill boxes). 

(5) For each box shipped the weight of the brushes and rplacement heads will need to be 
calculated. Boxes less than 16 oz will be first class. Boxes that weigh 16oz or more will 
ship priority. Mail class should be printed with the box. 
	- 1 brush weighs 9oz
	- 1 replacement head weighs 1oz

(6) For each brush or replacement head that is shiped a paste kit is also included which
weighs 7.6oz which will have an impact on the mail class. 

After all functionality is implemented the output for each box will look like the following:
Example for a starter box:
```
STARTER BOX
1 pink brushes
1 pink replacement head
1 paste kit
Schedule: 2018-01-01
Mail class: priority
```

Example for a refill box:
```
REFILL BOX
1 pink replacement head
1 paste kit
Schedule: 2018-04-01, 2018-06-30, 2018-09-28, 2018-12-27
Mail class: first
```
The initial commit to GitHub with base files provided and this development notes that include my thought process throughout the development process. I have reworded the ReadMe provided and summarized all the requirements in this post. I will begin by getting the program to read in an input file correctly and outputting the basic information about the family. 
